Add note about parameter limit in C++ modules (#2794)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/cpp/custom_modules_in_cpp.rst

building for every platform (instructions in the previous sections),
your module will be included.

.. note:: There is a paramter limit of 5 in C++ modules for things such

>           as subclasses. This can be raised to 13 with the header file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          as subclasses. This can be raised to 13 by including the header file
```

>           ``core/method_bind_ext.gen.inc``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ``core/method_bind_ext.gen.inc``.
```
